SQL variables: add a new variable `tidb_enable_parallel_apply` (#5092)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: ON
- This variable controls whether to use the high precision mode when computing the window functions.

> ### `tidb_enable_parallel_apply` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA</span>

Reviewer: Please put this variable in the alphabetical order of entire variable list.
```suggestion
### tidb_enable_parallel_apply <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA</span>
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0

> - This variable controls whether to enable the Apply operator concurrency, and the number of concurrency is controlled by the `tidb_executor_concurrency` variable. The Apply operator is used to process correlated subqueries and has no concurrency by default, so the execution speed is slow. Enable the Apply concurrency switch can increase concurrency and speed up execution. Currently, this variable defaults to be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to enable concurrency for the `Apply` operator. The number of concurrencies is controlled by the `tidb_executor_concurrency` variable. The `Apply` operator is used to process correlated subqueries and has no concurrency by default, so the execution speed is slow. Setting this variable value to `1` can increase concurrency and speed up execution. Currently, concurrency for `Apply` is disabled by default.
```

Reviewer: @Joyinqin Please see this comment.

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: ON
- This variable controls whether to use the high precision mode when computing the window functions.

> 
> ### tidb_enable_parallel_apply <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA</span>
> 
> - Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
> - Default value: 0
> - This variable controls whether to enable the Apply operator concurrency, and the number of concurrency is controlled by the `tidb_executor_concurrency` variable. The Apply operator is used to process correlated subqueries and has no concurrency by default, so the execution speed is slow. Enable the Apply concurrency switch can increase concurrency and speed up execution. Currently, this variable defaults to be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
